# Project0
PROJECT0 SUMMARY
The project named Kingsmen laundry is an information site for customers, whereby they can check what is done at Kingsmen laundry. The project has four html files linked together with navbars. The first html file which is also the first page, says “welcome to kingsmen” and on this page, there are two Heading One tags, which are (Kingsmen Laundry & Picture Collection), it also has a Heading Six tag, which is (Welcome to Kingsmen laundry!). It has a paragraph and two anchor tags, one connected to a social page and the other to one of the html files says “Click here to sign up” where it is linked to the Sign up page in one of the html files. It also as two paragraph tags which takes the contact us and email. 
Furthermore, the website has a collection of pictures which is responsive to the size of the screen. That is, if the site is opened on a mobile phone, the pictures will appear just fine and aligned. This was achieved using the class “Col-lg-4 Col-sm-6” which made it responsive to the size of the screen. Also, this html file is connected to bootstrap and css files, for styling the website with several ids and classes used. The html file has containers and jumbotrons which were styled with background color of Orange, and also the background color of the whole body of the site was styled black using @media query, such that when the size of screen is reduced, the background color changes to white.
Also, the second html is a sign up page, whereby the customers can input their details. The site has a container and jumbotron which has a Heading One tag that says “Sign up Here!”, and also a paragraph that says “Enter your details!” with a background color of Cyan. However, it has input tags of Firstname, Lastname, Email address, Password, Radio button that says “Keep me logged in” and it has a Submit button that is styled with a bootstrap file.
The third html file is an information page that shows the list of items. This html page consist of a container and a jumbotron, which are bootstrap features. The page also consist of ordered and unordered list, it has css styling in it, whereby ids and classes were put into use.
Lastly, the forth html file shows a table with the class of “col-md-6 col-md-4 thumbnail”, which makes it responsive to the screen sizes. The table consist of a table rows (tr) which has table head (th) and table cells (td) in it. It contains a container and a jumbotron which carries the heading.
